Update README.md (#332)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `total-products.v2`        | Displays the total amount of products found for that search. | 
| `search-title.v2`         | Displays a title for the search that was done. |                                                                                              |

:information_source: The Search Result app data may be displayed on **search pages** (`store.search`) or any other desired page. When added to the search page, the block that is used must be the `search-result-layout`, since it fetches data provided by the template's current search context. If you want to add the app to another page, the block that must be used is the `search-result-layout.customQuery`. 

### Step 2 - Adding the Search Result to page templates

According to the desired store page, add the `search-result-layout` block or the `search-result-layout.customQuery` to the correct template blocks list. For example:

```json
"store.search": {
  "blocks": ["search-result-layout"]
} 
```

*or* 

```diff
 "store.home": {
   "blocks": [
     "carousel#home",
     "shelf#home",
+    "search-result-layout.customQuery#home"
   ]
 }

> 

Reviewer: Close the diff thing here!

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

> <!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/minicart) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

> # Search Result

Reviewer 2: Keep this bellow the title

```suggestion
# Search Result

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
```

> VTEX Search Result app is responsible for handling the result fetched by the [VTEX Search API_](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/845/vtex-search-api/Hs43#8b71745e-00f9-6c98-b776-f4468ecb7a5e) and displaying it to users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VTEX Search Result app is responsible for handling the result fetched by the [VTEX Search API](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/845/vtex-search-api/Hs43#8b71745e-00f9-6c98-b776-f4468ecb7a5e) and displaying it to users.
```

> The VTEX Search Result app is responsible for handling the result fetched in the [VTEX Search API_](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/845/vtex-search-api/Hs43#8b71745e-00f9-6c98-b776-f4468ecb7a5e) and displaying it to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VTEX Search Result app is responsible for handling the result fetched by the [VTEX Search API_](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/845/vtex-search-api/Hs43#8b71745e-00f9-6c98-b776-f4468ecb7a5e) and displaying it to users.
```

> Therefore, the app exports all store blocks expected in a search results page, such as the result filters and the product gallery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the app exports all store blocks expected in a search results page, such as the filters and the product gallery.
```

![search-result](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/77557721-d96b6580-6e98-11ea-9178-77c8c4a6408e.png)

## Configuration 

### Step 1 - Adding the Search Result app to your theme's dependencies 

In your theme's `manifest.json`, add the Search Result app as a dependency: 

```json

>   dependencies: {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "dependencies": {
```

| `gallery`  | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mandatory-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mandatory-red) Displays the gallery with all the products found in the search.                                                                                                                                                                                               | `not-found` | Block containing a text and a description for the page that was not found in the search. It must be declared as a child of `search-not-found-layout`.  | 
| `search-content`          | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mandatory-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mandatory-red) Decides, behind the scenes, which block will be displayed: either the `gallery` block (if products are found) or the `not-found` block (if the selected filters lead to an empty search results page). This means that both `gallery` and `not-found` must be declared as `search-content` children.                    |
| `store.not-found#search`    | When configured, it displays a 404 error message whenever the server is not able to return what the browser request was or when it is configured to not handle that request.  |  

> | `search-fetch-more`          | Renders the `Fetch more` button if pagination is of type `show-more`. If it is set to infinite scroll, it shows the `Loader` when the bottom of the page is reached |

Reviewer: Infinite scroll is not supported anymore, so you should remove everything that metions it

> | `search-fetch-previous`     | Renders the `Fetch previous` button if pagination is of type `show-more`. If it is set to infinite scroll, shows the `Loader` when the bottom of the page is reached. | 

Reviewer: Same

| `search-products-count-per-page` | Displays the total number of products being displayed in the search results page. | 
| `order-by.v2`            | Allows users to choose the product ordination in the search results page.  | 
| `filter-navigator.v3`        | Allows users to apply different filters to the search. On mobile, renders a button that, when clicked on, displays all available filters in a sidebar. | 
| `total-products.v2`        | Displays the total amount of products found for that search. | 
| `search-title.v2`         | Displays a title for the search that was done. |                                                                                              |

> :information_source: The Search Result app data may be displayed on two different pages of your store's theme: either **search page** (`store.search`) or on the **home page** (`store.home`). When added to the search page, the block that is used must be the `search-result-layout`, since it fetches data provided by the template's current search context. If you want to add the app to the home page, the block that must be used is the `search-result-layout.customQuery`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:information_source: The Search Result app data may be displayed on **search pages** (`store.search`) or any other page. When added to the search page, the block that is used must be the `search-result-layout`, since it fetches data provided by the template's current search context. If you want to add the app to another page, the block that must be used is the `search-result-layout.customQuery`. 
```

> :information_source: The Search Result app data may be displayed on two different pages of your store's theme: either **search page** (`store.search`) or on the **home page** (`store.home`). When added to the search page, the block that is used must be the `search-result-layout`, since it fetches data provided by the template's current search context. If you want to add the app to the home page, the block that must be used is the `search-result-layout.customQuery`. 

Reviewer: It can also be displayed on custom pages

### Step 2 - Adding the Search Result to page templates

According to the desired store page, add the `search-result-layout` block or the `search-result-layout.customQuery` to the correct template blocks list. For example:

```json
"store.search": {
  "blocks": ["search-result-layout"]
} 
```

*or* 

```json
"store.home": {
  "blocks": [
    "carousel#home",
    "shelf#home",
    "search-result-layout.customQuery#home"
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```diff
 "store.home": {
   "blocks": [
     "carousel#home",
     "shelf#home",
+    "search-result-layout.customQuery#home"
   ]
 }
```
```

            "skusFilter": "FIRST_AVAILABLE",
            "simulationBehavior": "skip"
        }
     }
  },
  "store.search#department": {
    "blocks": ["search-result-layout"],
    "props": {
        "context": {
            "skusFilter": "FIRST_AVAILABLE",
            "simulationBehavior": "skip"
        }
     }
  },
  "store.search#subcategory": {
    "blocks": ["search-result-layout"],
    "props": {
        "context": {
            "skusFilter": "FIRST_AVAILABLE",
            "simulationBehavior": "skip"
        }
     }
  }
  
  ```

Below you may find all available props to configure your search data (be it by using a context or a custom query):

| Prop name              | Type             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                           | Default value     |
| ---------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |

> | `maxItemsPerPage`      | `Number`         | Maximum number of items per search page. The maximum value of this prop is `50`, if a bigger number is passed, the query will fail.                                                                                                                                                               | `10`                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `maxItemsPerPage`      | `Number`         | Maximum number of items per search page. The maximum value of this prop is `50`, if a larger number is passed, the query will fail.                                                                                                                                                               | `10`                |
```

| `skusFilter`           | `Enum` | Controls SKUs returned for each product in the query. The less SKUs needed to be returned, the more performant your shelf query will be. Available value options: `FIRST_AVAILABLE` (returns only the first available SKU), `ALL_AVAILABLE` (only returns available SKUs) and `ALL` (returns all product's SKUs).                                                            | `ALL_AVAILABLE` |
| `simulationBehavior`     | `Enum` | Defines whether the search data will be up-to-date (`default`) or fetched using the Cache (`skip`). The last option should be used only if you prefer faster queries over no having the most up-to-date prices or inventory.                                                               | `default` |

Now it is time to structure the `search-result-layout` block (or the `search-result-layout.customQuery`).  They both necessarily require a child: the `search-result-layout.desktop`. But you can also provide others, such as the `search-result-layout.mobile` and the `search-not-found-layout`. 
 

> Since these are layout blocks, you will need to use the [Flex Layout](https://vtex.io/docs/apps/layout-blocks/vtex.flex-layout@0.14.0) blocks to build your search results page for desktop, mobile or not found. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since these are layout blocks, you can use [Flex Layout](https://vtex.io/docs/apps/layout-blocks/vtex.flex-layout@0.14.0) blocks to build your search results page for desktop, mobile or not found. 
```

```json
"search-result-layout":  {
  "blocks": [
    "search-result-layout.desktop",
    "search-result-layout.mobile",
    "search-not-found-layout"
 ]
},

"search-result-layout.desktop": {
  "children": [
    "flex-layout.row#searchbread",
    "flex-layout.row#searchtitle",
    "flex-layout.row#result"
  ],
  "props": {
    "pagination": "show-more",
    "preventRouteChange": true
  }
},
```

**Available props for `search-result-layout.desktop`, `search-result-layout.mobile` and `search-not-found-layout`**: 

| Prop name           | Type           | Description                                                                                                                          | Default value     |
| ------------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| `hiddenFacets`      | `Array` | Indicates which filters should be hidden. Possible props and their respective values can be found below.                                                                                                     | `undefined`.              

> | `pagination`        | `Enum`         | Pagination type of the search results page. Possible values are: `show-more` (in order to display a button to fetch results or `infinite-scroll` (results are loaded according to scrolling).                                                                            | `infinite-scroll` |

Reviewer: Same about the infinite scroll. If I recall correctly, you can justs remove this `pagination` from the doc

> | `showFacetQuantity` | `Boolean`      | Whether the result amount in each filter should appear besides its name on the `filter-navigator.v3` block as (`true`) or (`false`)      | `false`           |

Reviewer: I am not sure this is still needed since we have the filter-navigator.v3 block

| `blockClass`        | `String`       | Unique block ID to be used in [CSS customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization#using-the-blockclass-property)                                                                                    | `undefined`              |

> | `showProductsCount` | `Boolean`      | Whether the amount of loaded results in a search results page and the total amount of results fetched by the search should be displayed under the `show more` button (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false`           |

Reviewer: You can remove this, the `total-products` block should be used instead

| `hideAll`       | `Boolean`      | Whether specification filters should be hidden (`true`) or not (`false`).    | `false`         |
| `hiddenFilters` | `Array` | Array of specification filters that should be hidden. | `undefined`       |

-  **`HiddenFilters` array:**

| Prop name | Type    | Description                         | Default value |
| --------- | ------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `name`      | `String` | Name of the specification filter that you want to hide. | `undefined`            |

### Step 5 - Using the Flex Layout to build your search results page

From Flex Layout, you will build your search results page using the other blocks that were exported by the Search Result app, such as: `gallery`, `filter-navigator.v3`, etc.

Therefore, don't forget to check out the [Flex Layout documentation](https://vtex.io/docs/apps/layout-blocks/vtex.flex-layout@0.14.0) for more on how to configure your search results page. 

Below you can find the existing props for each of the blocks, in addition to the the rules that govern them. 

- **`gallery` block**

> The gallery block does have its own props, but it has its own inner block structure that must be configured using a `product-summary-shelf`. 

Reviewer 2: If it does, which props are they?

This means that any `gallery` block implementation created must have a `product-summary-shelf` that in turn must also have its own inner block structure that can be configured. 

> Don't to check out the [**Product Summary documentation**](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.product-summary@2.52.3).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out the [**Product Summary documentation**](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.product-summary@2.52.3).  
```

| `filterAvailable`                     |
| `filterButtonsBox`                    |
| `filterClearButtonWrapper`            |

> | `filterContainer--`     |

Reviewer: I think `FACET_TYPE` is important here

| `filterContainer--b`                  |
| `filterContainer--c`                  |
| `filterContainer--priceRange`         |
| `filterContainer--selectedFilters`    |
| `filterContainer--title`              |
| `filterContainer`                     |
| `filterIcon`                          |

> | `filterItem--`          |

Reviewer: same
